Update README.md (#1157)
nv-legate/cupynumeric: README.md

cuPyNumeric is a [Legate](https://github.com/nv-legate/legate.core) library
that aims to provide a distributed and accelerated drop-in replacement for the
[NumPy API](https://numpy.org/doc/stable/reference/) on top of the
[Legion](https://legion.stanford.edu) runtime. 

> With cuPyNumeric you can write code productively in Python, using the familiar API, and have your program scale with no code changes from single-CPU computers to multi-node-multi-GPU clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With cuPyNumeric you can write programs productively in NumPy APIs and have your programs scale with no code changes from single-CPU computers to multi-node-multi-GPU clusters.
```
